So, this is my practice text file for learning Emacs. I just need to type out
a bunch of shit so that I can use this file to help me learn how to navigate
around buffers and such effectively without ever having to use my mouse or the
menu bars and stuff. Coming up with two or so pages worht of stuff to write is
gonna be a pain in my ass though. I'm not entirely sure that I'll be able to
crank out that kind of thing in the amount of time that I'd like to. Though I
suppose it'll get one regardless, I just might not get it done as quickly as
I'd like to. And really as long as I get it done I'm in good shape. Really
glad Jeff helped me change around the look of this window, it's much easier on
the eyes. Hopefully the syntax highlighting stays the way that it was. I guess
if it's not I'll be able to make it so by the time I'm done with the Emacs
book. Honestly I really want to be able to get the JDEE working but I'm not
sure what the problem with the eLisp stuff is. I guess there's some sort of
error in one of the cedet files too that's causing an issue, so I'm gonna have
to work that out somehow. It's all a process though, and I'll be a better
person for figuring all this out. Plus I'm going to have to start over from
scratch at the end of the month when I blast Sabayon off this bad larry and
load up ubuntu 9.10. Gentoo is really nice but I need a distro with a bit more
stability than this. Once I'm more comfortable with Linux and the way it works
maybe I'll come back but for now it's going to be much easier to use
ubuntu. So far I've only managed to come up with a half a page, so that's
sweet. Perhaps I'll start over and just type out a letter to Sam instead. Hmm,
this is weird. I wonder if because it's a text file it automatically sees
where the normal borders would be and keeps them even if the window is
maximized. This appears to be the case. AHA! Idea! I'm going to save this file
and come back to it later, but still going to start work on a letter to
Sam. Man I'm smart.
